hey guys welcome to my channel today
we're gonna be talking about detailed
targeting expansion you know that little
checkbox I'm talking about I'm gonna
dive into what that is and if you should
use it and spoiler alert I have a super
simple yes-or-no answer to that question
that you can implement on all of your
Facebook ad campaigns so be sure to
watch until the end so first thing what
is detailed targeting expansion detail
targeting expansion is that little
checkbox that you see in the ad set
section of your Facebook Ads manager
when you're creating a new campaign this
essentially allows Facebook to look
outside your targeting to find people
they think are gonna convert for you
Facebook says you can use this option
when you want us to show your ad to
additional people who we think would get
you more and or cheaper results and we
only implement the expansion when we
think we can get you those results whole
thing is is that this does not apply to
location age or gender so if you're
targeting a specific location gender or
age they're not going to look outside of
that you can use detailed targeting
expansion on all campaign objectives
except for reach and brand awareness so
should you use it my simple answer is
yes I have tested this rigorously and I
have never seen detailed targeting
expansion negatively impact one of my
campaigns what that said this tactic is
no silver bullet the changes that's
going to ultimately make are pretty
miniscule
so if you have an ad set that's
performing badly turning on detailed
targeting expansion isn't suddenly gonna
make it perform well and on the flip
side if you have an ad set that's
performing really well checking this
little box isn't going to make your
campaign suddenly tanked so like I said
super simple answer if you guys are
currently advertising on Facebook ads
leave me a comment below and let me know
if you agree or if you have any other
questions about Facebook ads leave a
comment below okay guys thanks bye